black/white equal follow eww I got it
easy on each one the other two you guys
know I love wool way that's a bit better
okay Pat looked like he was trying I was
going that look it's twisting them know
what be easy to give it all now than it
is when I'm frogs not to saw that often
he's not only come up right up there is
it making every box whenever you try
this doesn't Internet
it's got even more happy that's it
hysterically water hahahahaha
I have no faith being rescued anymore
well is be complete you know outwit a
fucking trees it's already on its way
down to stop me there we go this is the
moment Ruby leave this year of it off
then I've tied it to the lorry let me
load that but they weren't good
oh you shout out with it no no I was
tied to the truck right yeah Judi thinks
it's gonna fall in gingers garden is out
in the one there that yeah he needs to
work on this chopping - look at that
and I need some people bit more strength
or from them any there who spoke on the
right a place yeah well that's that's
why it's not the white hats on no he
doesn't have to do the bullet train
teeth return I need padding bigger
muffin in the treatments another come on
let's go take this sign out a little
clearer so it's got it upset yeah so
it's a very straightforward so I'm
filming it on YouTube movies they're not
good not cool oh that with the trees
going to swing back and they're overly i
flying
leave me the work on it for the sake of
other couples collinear with trillion
yeah portrayed what am i yes actually
that's not the traffic yeah oh yeah I
want to say yeah it's a bit risky
yeah and has anybody ever seen the
lumberjack trying I've had to swap act
wielders little Gardasil ad I'm sure
he's much better
he's too used to hacking down doors not
through a tree it's led to corn the bike
get anyone it easy big bro yeah it's
just hang from the road you know it yeah
improv is like tug of war anchorman ya
know about Nick in the truck in there
that's gonna come my girl pull it
together work there we go Paul he's gone
tree I weren't there to close you know I
miss feeling his guys going to supervise
you know free these guys being crushed
by small free time the white happiest
Apollo is this look on the tree he's
better than even the white hat
what if I couldn't do it he's a guy that
carries the heavy fairness rapidly his
hands from the middle of life
I still think it would have been easier
than set fire to it like the
tetramerization put it out right kettle
junk that can't be a good idea
he's hacking at a tree whilst under it
and they pull and within that eating
he's on it
this is why they danger money comes in
good grief go there any take anymore
he's thinking about it I was getting
down you one last gun you stand behind
it push straight I was thinking uh yeah
one arch going to the side Thunder whoa
yeah write it down
alright we do realize that you know I
don't think you're getting any of the
super scientists yeah you need to go get
bit more shots coming in look at that it
was going on there dogs run interesting
cover ladies terrible dog I missed the
tree coming down because I'll spin with
a woman with it dog a fella
now I live in a big league I think I
don't know what happened when natsound
you've wanted to write something down
the bottom
drag it out backwards wrong fight the
other tree
- you've done so much I wanna get
MacLeod Mauro
look what I was put on guys like another